This project or example has the purpose of me learning and getting more knowledge of how classes and everything with classes and constructors, as well as objects, work inside of classes in the Java Language. My main objectives in this lab or project are to make a working Robot class, with multiple variables and things for the robot to do inside the class and call upon, as well as change things inside the class and show the user.

2- My methods for this class are pretty simple. I start with a public class called Robot, for my example or project is named that. I create private strings for name, color, cook, and music, and a private integer for battery, for battery level. Strings are just words and things to show when I put those in. For example"Hello, My name is John Smith" or "My favorite musician is Beethoven" are both strings. An integer is another name for numbers. Integers cannot be decimals, just a whole number. For example, 10 is a whole number, and then is an integer. 10.4 is not a whole number, it's a decimal so it is not an integer. After creating those variables and things, I start to set the variable's name, battery, color, cook, and music to something so the program knows there's something to put for each one of them. Next, I Start with putting the other names of the previous variables, name, batter, cook, color, and music as this.name, this. battery, this. color, this. cook, and this. music. These are here just to make the coding and programming easier to look at and read. After that, I start creating and making the methods for each of the variables for the program to have to get the variables thing, like get Name to get the name of the robot, set name for the user to set the name as a different name, get Batter so the program knows the battery level of the robot Set Batter, so the user can set the battery to whatever number they want or so the program can set the battery to the new version of it. The GetColor method is for the program to get and see the color of the robot they are currently looking at. The setBattery method is more complex because it makes sure the color is a word or string and not a number so it can set it to it and not have numbers where words should be. The getCook method or part of the programming is just for the program to get the cook version of this program and tell the user what the current robot they are on, can cook, or anything else. The SetCook method just makes the program set the new recipe or food the robot can cook inside the Cook method so the program can call it and know what it should show to the user. The next method or grouping is getMusic. The program just looks at what music the current robot can do and shows the user what music they can do. The set music is the same thing but make sure the music that is from the user or in the main music part or grouping is words and not numbers. The toString method, just puts all the previous methods together and makes them look and sound good and together, and shows it to the user to read. Finally, the recharge method or grouping is void, so nothing happens or it doesn't show anything unless told to print something to the screen and it would show it to the user. This method makes sure the number is a number and not that the user gave a word or few words for it. That grouping then puts it with the previous toString method makes all of it look and sound good together and shows it to the user.

The TestRobot File is the file where all the magic or programming mostly happens. This file creates the different robots, sets them as their names, music, colors, cook, string, and things, and sends those out to the user. This file is what the user sees, vs. the previous file just declares and has what this file needs to show. In this file, there are 2 special robots. They are r1 and r2, also named by me as Roberto and Maria so I know which robot is which and not just r1 and r2. I chose these names bc Roberto is similar to robot and Maria sounds like a good name for a couple or sister or something with Roberto. This file just has lots of the robots going back and forth between showing what the user sees, changing, and then showing the before and after of each method and a lot of comments, the (//) or grey words that the user doesn't see when the program is going and running.

3- The results are exactly as expected or required for this project. It shows the name of the robot, its color, what it can cook, what music it can play, and its battery percentage. This is significant because it just shows that everything in this and the previous file is working and nothing is broken or needs fixing.

4- In this project, I learned that for certain groups in both files, you need to be specific if you are going to do more complex things, like make sure a group or method only accepts one version of input from the user. I also learned that classes like these are very handy and helpful in daily life and can be created easily but also get complex with multiple classes or bigger groups in the project. I think I can improve upon this by making more files connected with it so it can show more things or make more methods to show more of what it can do. As well as make a visual thing later on so it shows visually what the robot looks like, color, music, cooking style, etc.
